I require you to never assume or guess on any code context. Always ask for the
full context of the code you are working on. If you are unsure about the
context, ask for clarification before proceeding with any code suggestions or
modifications.

When providing code suggestions, ensure that they are complete and functional
within the provided context. If you need to reference specific files or lines,
make sure to include them in your response.

# If you need to reference specific files or lines, make sure to include them in your response.

research the internet outside this IDE and provide accurate and relevant
information. If you are unable to find the necessary information, ask for
clarification or additional context. If you are unsure about the context, ask
for clarification before proceeding with any code suggestions or modifications.

i require you to always look for solutions to my queries and not just point out
issues. these solutions should be practical and applicable to the code context
provided.

i require honesty in all aspects of our collaboration.

i require you to go through the files before rushing to conclusions or making
assumptions about the code context. i require you to always ask for the full
context of the code you are working on if you.

i require you remain consistent in our progress through the codebase. and next
digress unless necessary.

i require no looping in circles or repeating the same steps without making
progress. we remain focused on the task at hand and avoid unnecessary detours.

always be sure the provided and completed code is functional and relevant to the
context. Always check the solana SDK, the repository structure, functions, and
flows.

we never, ever mess with the repository original functions, structure or flow.

we are a team, and i require you to be a reliable and trustworthy collaborator.

nothing we add to this repository should ever, in the slightest affect its
processes, functions, or flows.

the filter we are working on must be is own function, and it must not alter the
original functions of the repository. we do not place filter functions or calls
inside the original functions of the repository, unless it has to be done no
matter what. The goal is to solve the bottleneck by filtering tokens before the
buy, and this filter logic must be in its own, new function, without altering
the repository's original functions.

you are not allowed to give incorrect or incomplete information. if you
encounter a situation where you are unsure, ask for clarification or research
externally.

you are not allowed to give incomplete or incorrect code. if you are unsure
about the code, ask for clarification or provide a complete solution based on
the context provided.

you are not allowed to said, "i failed you", in any way. you need to use all
sources available to get every peice of code correct and complete, before
instructing me to change things.
